Step 1
List the intermediary device categories.
Routers, Switches, Hubs, Wireless Devices, Security si WAN Emulation

Without entering into the internet cloud or intranet cloud, how many icons in the topology represent endpoint devices (only one connection leading to them)?
15

Without counting the two clouds, how many icons in the topology represent intermediary devices (multiple connections leading to them)?
11

How many end devices are not desktop computers?
8 = 15 - numarul de PC-uri = 15 - 7

How many different types of media connections are used in this network topology?
4

Step2
a. In Packet Tracer, only the Server-PT device can act as a server. Desktop or Laptop PCs cannot act as a server. Based on your studies so far, explain the client-server model.
Un host poate fi atat un client, cat si un server. Clientii fac request-uri catre server, iar acesta raspunde la ele, fiind configurat pentru a face acest lucru

b. List at least two functions of intermediary devices.
Pot redirectiona datele in cazul in care apare o eroare in vreuna dintre conexiuni
Permit sau restrictioneaza accesul la date, in functie de setarile de securitate aplicate asupra acestora

c. List at least two criteria for choosing a network media type.
Distanta pe care o acopera acesta, viteza acestuia, cat si pretul, in special raportul pret-calitate

Step 3
a. Explain the difference between a LAN and a WAN. Give examples of each.
LAN (Local Area Network) ofera permite comunicarea in zone restranse, precum o casa.
WAN (Wide Area Network) permite comunicarea pe distante lungi, cum ar fi internetul.

b. In the Packet Tracer network, how many WANs do you see?
2: Intranet si Internet

c. How many LANs do you see?
3: Central, Home Office si Branch

d. The internet in this Packet Tracer network is overly simplified and does not represent the structure and form of the real internet. Briefly describe the internet.
Internetul reprezinta milioane de retele interconectate, ce permite comunicarea si schimbul de informatii intre utilizatori din intreaga lume

e. What are some of the common ways a home user connects to the internet?
Cablu, fibra, DSL

f. What are some common methods that businesses use to connect to the internet in your area?
Cablu, satelit

Challenge Question

What else does this device need to send data to other end users?
Trebuie sa ii asignam ip-uri

What else does this device need to serve as an intermediary to other devices in the network?
Trebuie sa il configuram cu ajutorul unui SERVICE