Reflection Questions

1. Were there different types of cables/media used to connect devices?
Da, wireless si cabluri de cupru si fibra

2. Did the cables change the handling of the PDU in any way?
Nu

3. Did the Hub lose any of the information that it received?
Nu

4. What does the Hub do with MAC addresses and IP addresses?
Nimic

5. Did the wireless Access Point do anything with the information given to it?
A trimis pachetul mai departe catre cele 2 device-uri conectate prin wireless

6. Was any MAC or IP address lost during the wireless transfer?
Nu

7. What was the highest OSI layer that the Hub and Access Point used?
1

8. Did the Hub or Access Point ever replicate a PDU that was rejected with a red “X”?
Da

9. When examining the PDU Details tab, which MAC address appeared first, the source or the destination?
Destinatia

10. Why would the MAC addresses appear in this order?
Un switch poate trimite mai repede un frame catre o adresa MAC daca primeste destinatia inainte

11. Was there a pattern to the MAC addressing in the simulation?
Da, se schimba la final

12. Did the switches ever replicate a PDU that was rejected with a red “X”?
Nu

13. Every time that the PDU was sent between the 10 network and the 172 network, there was a point where the 
MAC addresses suddenly changed. Where did that occur?
La router

14. Which device uses MAC addresses that start with 00D0:BA?
10.10.10.2

15. What devices did the other MAC addresses belong to?
Switch-urile

16. Did the sending and receiving IPv4 addresses change fields in any of the PDUs?
Da, la final

17. When you follow the reply to a ping, sometimes called a pong, do you see the sending and receiving IPv4 
addresses switch?
Nu

18. What is the pattern to the IPv4 addressing used in this simulation?
IP-ul este trimis mai departe catre switch sau router

19. Why do different IP networks need to be assigned to different ports of a router?
Intrucat cu ajutorul router-ului interconectam diverse retele, si nu putem folosi acelasi port pentru mai multe retele. 

20. If this simulation was configured with IPv6 instead of IPv4, what would be different?
Adresele IP (sursa si destinatie)
